chore: update Zarf roadmap per 2024 goals (#2305)
defenseunicorns/zarf: docs/9-roadmap.md

We also accept contributions from the community (regardless of where a particular bug or feature is in the queue), so feel free to read our [contributing guidelines](./12-contribute-to-zarf/1-contributor-guide.md) and [submit a PR](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/pulls)!  You can also ask any development related questions in the [Zarf Dev Kubernetes Slack Channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C03BP9Z3CMA).

## 2024 General Roadmap

### Q1: Community Building and Refactoring

- [X] - Establish a [monthly community meetup](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/issues/2202) to engage members of the community and answer questions.
- [ ] - Refactor and add tests to library code shared with [UDS-CLI](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-cli) and split into a new GitHub repository.
- [ ] - Gather OpenSSF donation requirements and clear off pre-reqs (additional maintainers and sponsor working group).

### Q2 Consistency, Docs and Donation to OpenSSF

- [ ] - Consolidate and improve consistency around features such as Zarf `variables` and component `required` schema.

> - [ ] - Move [docs website](https://docs.zarf.dev) from Docusaurus to Hugo to improve maintainability going forward.

Reviewer: Do we want to leave Hugo here?

Based on the work happening in https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/pull/2315, would we rather leave it open ended to say something like:

```suggestion
- [ ] - Move [docs website](https://docs.zarf.dev) from Docusaurus to a different framework to improve maintainability going forward.
```

We can always update the reference later once the docs website is migrated as well, so I won't hold this PR up because of this.
